Infantry

Brute Minor - 20
Recruits compete for their postings as well as their gear.

Brute Major - 20
Being promoted requires more than survival; one must kill.

Brute Ultra - 20
There are two types of Brute veterans: tough and clever.


Grunt Minor - 10
Under Brute leadership, recruits tend to be poorly equipped.

Grunt Major - 10
More experience and gear doesn't always cannote good morale.


Jackal Minor - 15
Recruits are often posted as security or "movable shields".


Drone Minor - 10
Yanme’e physiology is well suited for the role of infiltrator.

Drone Major - 10
Drones aren’t brave; they’re just incapable of feeling fear.


Flood Carrier Form - 10
Those no longer able to fight are used as mobile incubators.


Combat Form - Human - 10
The Flood builds its army from the bodies of its enemies.

Combat Form - Brute - 10
The Flood keeps its hosts alive so they last longer as fuel.

Combat Form - Elite - 10
As a host is consumed, its knowledge is consumed as well.


Sentinel Aggressor Minor - 5
Sentinels are assembled as needed for repairs and defense.

----------

Specialists

Brute Stalker - 30
These Special Police Units are feared by all factions.

Brute Jumppack - 30
There are few honors higher than serving in a Jump Pack Unit.

Brute Bodyguard - 30
A Chieftain’s personal guard also enforce tribal law.


Grunt Heavy - 10
Trained as pilots and heavy weapons specialists; still jumpy.

Grunt Spec-Ops - 10
Battle-hardened combat vets; the best of the Unggoy forces.


Jackal Sniper - 20
Only battle-hardened veterans are chosen to become snipers.


Hunter - 150
Hunters are deployed more as weapons platforms than troops.


Pure Form Stalker - 20
The Pure Form is built within a framework of recast bone.

Pure Form Ranged - 30
The Pure Form creates its missiles from battlefield detritus.

Pure Form Tank - 50
The Pure Form is an engine of war crafted from living flesh.

----------

Leaders

Brute Captain - 50
Brute military doctrine states that to lead one must be seen.

Brute Captain Major - 50
To be effective, officers need to inspire fear and respect.

Brute Captain Ultra
Advancement within the Jiralhanae armed forces is a bloody business.

----------

Heroes

Brute Chieftain - Weapon - 150
Commanding troops requires both audacity and great strength.

Brute Chieftain - Armor
Giving quarter is not part of Jiralhanae military doctrine.