Assault Rifle - MA5C ICWS
Gas operated, fully-automatic projectile rifle capable of sustained continuous fire. Accurate if used in short, well aimed bursts and otherwise ferociously powerful at close range.

Melee
Somebody smashed somebody!

Battle Rifle - BR55HB SR
The UNSC’s accurate semi-automatic medium range rifle, fires three rounds per squeeze of the trigger.

Sniper Rifle - SRS 99D AM
The primary sniper rifle system used by UNSC forces.

Energy Sword - (Type-1 EW/S)
Favored by Elites, this energy weapon is more dangerous than its ceremonial nature implies.

Chopper - (Type-25 RAV)
Primarily Brute crewed reconnaissance and fast attack vehicle.

Rocket Launcher - M41 MAV/AW
The accurate, destructive heavy ordinance weapon of the UNSC arsenal.

Banshee - (Type-26 GSA)
Primary ground support aircraft of the Covenant forces.

Guardians
Killed, once again, by the guardians.

Heavy Machine Gun - AIE-486H
A Spartan is easily strong enough to remove, or more accurately, rip a turret-mounted machine gun from its tripod base. Although doing so will detach it from its main ammo feed, a Spartan can use whatever’s left attached to the gun to devastating effect. It’s heavy even for a Spartan, and slow to spin up to full firing rate.

Frag Grenade - M9 HE-DP
Standard issue UNSC fragmentation grenade.

Spike Grenade - (Type-2 AP-FG)
A new grenade for the Spartan arsenal is the requisitioned Brute Spike grenade, a primitive and deadly explosive device that impales any target and holds tight until it explodes in a shredding hail of razor sharp metal.

Plasma Grenade - (Type-1 AP-G)
Highly explosive Covenant grenade with a dangerous adherence property.

Needler - (Type-33 GML)
Razor sharp crystalline projectiles with a combined explosive property, are fired from this elaborate Covenant weapon.

Spartan Laser - WAV M6 GGNR
A directed energy weapon. Its battery conservation scheme requires user to “paint” its target during a brief charge lag. A zoomed scope will assist in aiming. It’s slow, but one of the most powerful portable armaments in the UNSC arsenal.

Shotgun - M90A CAWS
The UNSC’s resident close-quarters assault weapon.

Elephant - M41 LAAG
The M41 light anti-aircraft gun is an externally powered, three-barreled, rotary-fire machine gun. Though inaccurate at long ranges, it has excellent penetration characteristics and a high rate of fire.

Ghost - (Type-32 RAV)
Armed with twin rapid fire plasma cannons, this is a typical Covenant ground assault and recon vehicle.

Missile Pod - LAU-65D
Although technically designed for vehicle or stationary use, a Spartan can easily lift and use this rapid firing homing missile launcher.

Warthog - Driver
The ubiquitous Warthog - three thousand kilos of fuel-injected balistic polycarbonate, titanium, and carbon nanotube.

Explosion
WUH-BLAM!

Warthog - M41 LAAG
The M41 light anti-aircraft gun is an externally powered, three-barreled, rotary-fire machine gun. Though inaccurate at long ranges, it has excellent penetration characteristics and a high rate of fire.

Tripmine - TR/9 AP Mine
A simple proximity mine that reacts to pressure or movement.

Carbine - (Type-51 Carbine)
An unusual Covenant projectile weapon, firing shielded radioactive rounds.

Brute Shot - (Type-25 GL)
Fires explosive projectiles and is furnished with an elaborate and dangerous bayonet.

Gravity Hammer - (Type-2 Energy Weapon/Hammer)
Favored by Brutes, this weapon is as much a symbol of leadership as it is a weapon.

Mongoose - M274 ULATV
This is purely a transport vehicle, and while fast and maneuverable, it possesses no defensive or offensive capabilities whatsoever.

Ball - Cranium.
Standard issue information storage and sensory group housing.

Mauler - (Type-52 Pistol)
Holds 5 shells per magazine, this massive handgun is favored by Brutes and is based on their native, pre-Covenant technology.

Sub Machine Gun - M7/Caseless
Submachine guns, while not accurate over long distances, are particularly effective at close quarters.

FlameThrower - M7057 DP
The M7057 is a standard chemical flamethrower, which projects and ignites a stream of volatile, semi-liquid fuel.

Bomb - No. 14 Anti-tank Mine
Thus I refute thee.

Flag
It's right next to the headlight fluid.

Plasma Rifle - (Type-25 DER)
A common, light plasma weapon favored by Covenant forces.

Beam Rifle - (Type-50 SR)
A hand carried Covenant particle beam weapon, with an adjustable 5x / 10x scope.

Plasma Pistol - (Type-25 DEP)
Fires directed energy bolts with a shield-depleting Overcharge function.

Magnum - M6G Pistol
A recoil-operated, semi-automatic handgun. Accurate and utilitarian in design, it is the ideal sidearm for a wide variety of troops.

Classified
I'm calling my lawyer!